Clarify tidb lightning backend description (#5904)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/deploy-tidb-lightning.md

This document describes the hardware requirements of TiDB Lightning using the Local-backend, and how to deploy it manually.

> If Local-backend is used for data import, during the import process, **the cluster cannot provide normal services**. If you do not want the TiDB services to be impacted, read [TiDB Lightning TiDB-backend](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-backends.md#tidb-lightning-tidb-backend) for the changes to the deployment steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Local-backend is used for data import, during the import process, **the cluster cannot provide services**. If you do not want the TiDB services to be impacted, perform the data import according to [TiDB Lightning TiDB-backend](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-backends.md#tidb-lightning-tidb-backend).
```
